Young Min was not at a loss and explained this phenomenon as a natural reaction of the male body.

The woman calmed down and reached out her hand towards the guy's dumbbell and lightly touched him with the tip of her finger.

After that, she leaned over and sat down closer to Young Min's dumbbell and began to more confidently touch the guy's dumbbell.

Young Min was shocked by this turn of events and was surprised that the woman continued to stimulate his dumbbell

Young Min once again made sure that this woman has no idea and does not know what she is doing.

The guy broke the awkward silence between them and asked her to comment on the sensations she was experiencing and asked her why she was so scared

The woman was once again embarrassed and described her feelings and said that his dumbbell was much warmer than she expected.

Young Min asked a woman if warmth is not a natural trait of a man's nature.

The diagram doctor explained that it was the first time since the autopsy that she touched a man's body so slowly, Young Min, puzzled, clarified the part about the autopsy

The woman was even more embarrassed and added that in addition to being warm, his dumbbell was also much harder and at the same time softer than she expected.

The guy was at an impasse after this description and figured out how to continue the development of events, he invited the woman to touch his dumbbell without clothes
Hearing this, the girl looked at Young Min and asked if she could really do it, in response to which Young Min agreed without hesitation.

The woman, without warning and without saying anything, took advantage of the guy’s offer, the guy was shocked by such a sharp movement on the part of the woman

He also did not understand why a woman who was so afraid of interacting with men, the first thing she did when she had the opportunity, immediately decided to touch the dumbbell.

Her clumsy touch only once again turned on Yong Min, and with each touch it became more and more difficult for him to restrain himself.

After another awkward touch, he realized that he could no longer endure

Suddenly, his volcano began to erupt and all the magma from his volcano fell directly on the woman, the woman sat on the floor covered in magma and looked at parts of her body

Yong Min thought that he was finished, because an adult man began to erupt a volcano so quickly and easily due to the touch of the hands of an ordinary woman who had never played games

However, the guy in the next moment was puzzled by the picture he saw in front of him.

The woman sitting in the magma carefully examined it and studied it, realizing that this is the same magma of men.

While the diagram doctor was sitting on the floor covered in magma, Young Min noticed that the bandages that bound him and prevented him from moving loosened and untied.

He immediately pulled off the pantyhose that he had in front of him and got up from the chair, heading towards the defenseless and innocent woman.

Yong Min tightly grabbed the magma-covered woman by the wrist and started apologizing to her because he couldn't take it anymore

The diagram doctor, in turn, was puzzled by the fact that Young Min was able to get out of confinement in bandages and awkwardly and embarrassedly looked at him
The guy immediately began to play games with her, saying that she was a very attractive woman, as soon as he got a taste

Diagram's doctor interrupted him and asked him to stop playing games.

Young Min told the woman that if she backed off right now, she would never be able to deal with her fear of men.

The guy added that this exercise will be a kind of shock therapy, she will be scared but this is a necessary action to achieve her goals.

The woman for a long time I think still agreed to this, Yong Min was surprised by her decision and was confused

The embarrassed girl looked at Young Min and asked what she needed to do to continue shock therapy.

Young Min told her that she just needed to relax and continued to play games with her intensely.

He looked at the woman with the eyes of a hunter and told her that he was going to show her the body of a real man.

After that, he continued to intensively play games with the diagram doctor, the woman did not understand what was happening and what they were doing

However, after Young Min briefly stopped playing games, the girl immediately informed him that she wanted more and asked him to continue, Young Min was extremely surprised at such a reaction from such an innocent and defenseless woman.

After that, Young Min immediately complied with her request and the woman enjoyed playing with the nurse

Stopping, the girl realized that she asked Yong Min and was very embarrassed because it was not at all like her

Young Min grabbed her hair with his hands and asked her exactly what she wanted from Young Min
Embarrassed, the girl did not answer at first, but later told Young Min that she wanted him to kiss her, because she saw it in the movies

After her request, Young Min hugged the diagram doctor and granted the woman's wish with his kiss.

The guy asked that it would be wrong to stop at just one kiss and reminded the woman that she asked him for things much more than a kiss

After playing for a long time, Yong Min put his hand on the cheek of the Diagram doctor and realized what he did

Even though there were a few twists and turns while playing with her, in the end everything worked out perfectly, Yong Min realized that he was able to develop on his own without the guidance of this old man.

Suddenly, someone entered the room

The one who entered the room was the elder's nurse

The actions were transferred to the main hall of this hospital, it was lively as always and everyone went about their business.

The next day came, it was sunny and the rays illuminated the mental hospital

Young Min Seo was sitting at the reception with a woman with glasses and noticed that someone was missing.

He turned around and asked if she was sick today

The girl with the glasses nodded to Yong Min and said that the diagram doctor suddenly felt unwell and didn't show up for work.

She added that her voice was so quiet that she must have caught a cold, the guy just smiling awkwardly continued to look at the woman with glasses, wondering if he was the reason for her absence

The guy looked sadly to the side and realized that he really was the reason for her absence because she screamed so much during the games

Young Min wondered if he should go to her and visit her after checking her condition

Encouraged by the idea to visit the doctor of diagrams, the guy turned to his childhood friend

The girl silently turned to the call and was silent

After which she broke the silence and asked what he was doing here, Youngmin in turn asked her if she could make some porridge for the patient to take away

After asking Young Min again, the girl asked who he was going to take out food to take away, the guy putting his hand on the back of his head only awkwardly answered that he had a familiar person

Ahn Soo Min puffed up a lot and blushed and asked Young Min if it was a girl.

She approached him and was very angry and asked if his acquaintance was a girl, Young Min incomprehensibly answered her that his acquaintance was a girl and asked Ahn Soo Min what was wrong

In response, the girl blushing touchily turned away and told him to forget

After that, she went to the porridge, after which she lamented that Young Min comes home late every day and she doesn’t even remember the last time she saw him, and he, in turn, takes care of some other girl

Su Min angrily handed Yong Min a bag of food, to which Young Min was surprised by her bluntness.

After a short silence, Yong Min took Su Min with his hands by both pikes and pulled them to the sides, the Girl asked incomprehensibly what he was doing

The guy asked his childhood friend why she pouted so much and told her that it was pretty cute, the girl asked him to stop and not do that

Taking Su Min's bag, he told her that he would try to get home earlier than usual today and told her that they would have dinner together.

The girl viciously waved towards Young Min and jokingly said that she didn’t need all this and she would eat everything alone, Young Min reassured her by promising to buy her chicken

Hearing about the chicken, Su Ming suddenly changed her mood and drowned in her fantasies of delicious fried chicken.

Yong Min walking down the hall was going to just take the porridge to the diagram doctor and then buy some chicken and go back home to Su Min, he wondered if all the girls get sick after the first time of games, he did not think that he played games with her too much

Suddenly, the elder's nurse stopped him and called him

She stopped Young Min and told him that she had heard the news that the diagram doctor was off work today due to illness.

The guy awkwardly asked the elder's nurse if she had any business with her, to which the nurse replied that this was not the case at all

She invited Young Min to visit her for a little while and talk

After that, Young Min followed her and entered the room.

Going inside the room, he asked why the elder was absent, his nurse replied that he had to appear at the court in Seoul, so he left

Not having time to ask the guy about the court, the nurse pointed with her hand to the TV and told him that now they are showing this on TV

It was reported on TV that around 11 p.m. today at the Central District Court, Park Deokman, Chairman of the Sanga Group, attended a lawsuit related to suspicions of inappropriate donations.

The chairman himself comes out of the car, dressed in an expensive suit.
He looks very elite in the rays of the illuminated sun.

Young Min is surprised because as far as he knows the elder is diagnosed with dementia, and asks if it is possible, to which the elder's nurse replies that the symptoms of dementia are different for each person and often come and go

The woman stopped talking about the elder and said that there are things much more important than these, and told the guy that she had a request for him

In the next moment, Young Min was already in the warehouse, and he broke the four inch elastic bandage that he was asked to find.

Suddenly, something dawned on him and he was distracted from the search for this bandage.

Yong Min thought that the trial was a serious matter after all, and he did not dare to call or not to call his mentor elder, after which he pulled out his phone

The guy looked at his phone in his hands and decided that maybe he should call his mentor

He was spinning around the room with the phone because he could not decide whether to call him or not, he could not understand if this was too much, because no one personally told him about it

But the silhouettes that appeared in Young Min's head about their first meeting and how he accepted him as his student and gave him advice dispelled his doubts about whether he should call

He quickly picked up his phone and began to dial his mentor's number, after which he called him.

The mentor, being in some multi-storey building, immediately noticed that someone was calling his phone

The mentor wondered what happened that Young Min called first, because he usually did not call him, after which he reached for the phone and answered the call

Young Min was slightly surprised at how quickly the mentor took the call, he thought that he was now in an important office hearing.
The mentor immediately realized that Young Min learned about this hearing from his nurse and reassured the guy that the hearing had already ended and there was nothing serious

The guy replied that he thought everything was fine since the hearing ended without any problems, he informed his mentor not to think about what made him worry or something like that

Suddenly, the guy was interrupted by some strange sounds and he moved the phone away from his ear.

Young Min felt embarrassed and pushed the phone away from him, female screams could be heard from the phone

The guy realized that his mentor was playing games with some woman right at that moment

Yong Min brought the phone to his ear again and nervously asked his mentor if he was playing games with someone right now. The mentor calmly replied that yes

The guy rubbed his forehead and asked his mentor with surprise that he had a baby in another place and asked how many babies he had in all the country

The elder replied that he did not know because he had never counted

The guy's mentor asked him since he called if he would like to take another lesson on how best to play games with women

The old man informed Yong-min that despite the fact that he calls him his mentor, it seems to him that lately he has not taught him anything at all.

The mentor began to give his instructions, he told the guy to start with the guy should understand that the iron must be struck while it is hot

Even though it was just a phone call, Yong Min felt a lot of pressure on himself and listened carefully to every word his mentor said.

The second advice from the mentor was that he told Yong Min not to try to be comfortable, he meant not to accept a woman just because she makes you feel good, if he polishes and sharpens hard even good skills they will rust sooner or later
The feeling in Yong Min’s head was that every word of his mentor was firmly driven into his head and settled there, he stood motionless and continued to listen to everything that the mentor said

The elder continued to speak, when you find yourself skin to skin, he should always take all the initiative only on himself

The third advice from the mentor was that during the process you need to clearly observe the reaction of the girl

If you place your dumbbell correctly you need to make sure that it is positioned correctly, this is the same as Young Min did before, so it will be easy

Yong Min agreed with the old man and added that since that time he had trained well and had practice

The last advice from the mentor was:

You should always act only by trusting your inner feelings, this is very important in order to play games well.

Young Min was taken aback by the last piece of advice and asked his mentor in confusion what he meant by that.

The old man explains what was said by the fact that there is no clear instruction on how to play this game, understanding of the whole game comes only with feelings, each person has his own timing

The chairman will remind Young Min to remember to hug the girl after the whole game and before hanging up the phone informs him that he will come and make sure he learned everything correctly

Young Min, holding the phone in his hands, realizes that he is still very far from the level of skill of his mentor

However, the guy still had a reasonable question, how is his mentor going to check whether he has learned his instructions?

Actions are transferred to a low building, on the street the sun is already setting and it is starting to get dark

A woman slowly and wearily approaches her bed and flops down on it.

In the morning she did not even have the strength to wake up, but she recovered much faster than she thought

The girl buried her face in the pillow and thought, maybe she should not have taken the day off at all since she recovered so quickly.

However, she immediately changed her mind after remembering what happened between her and Young Min yesterday.

She closed her eyes tightly and did not understand how she would continue to work, because she would not even be able to look into Yeon Min's eyes.

Suddenly, someone rang the doorbell and interrupted her flow of thoughts, she wondered if he could come to her at such a time.

She got out of bed and went to the intercom, from the intercom came the voice of Young Min, who told her that it was him, the girl wondered why he came to her

The woman opened the door and was very surprised at what she saw.

Young Min was standing in the doorway, and the elder's nurse was near him.

Events are moved back to the hospital but a few hours early

The elder's nurse, slightly tilting her cheek into her palm, noticed the cooked porridge in Young Min's hands and guessed that he was going to visit Dr. Na Do Hee

The nurse came closer to the guy and asked if he knew the address of the doctor on the diagrams, to which Young Min replied that he had already obtained the address using the contacts of the staff, because all the addresses are there, but before visiting the doctor, you need to warn her by calling

The woman standing in front of the guy asked to go with him, Yong Min agreed thinking that they were the elder's nurse and Do Hee's doctor was friends. So they came to her
Do Hee asked Yong Min if the woman standing next to Yong Min was Park Duk Man's patient nurse, Yong Min was shocked by what he heard because he thought they knew each other

He awkwardly asked them if they were strangers, because he thought they were friends and knew each other

Nurse Elder replied to Yong Min that she didn't say anything like that to him.

The guy agreed that he made a hasty conclusion, at which time Do Hee invited the guests to come inside

The guests sat on the sofa and Yong Min pointed to the woman sitting next to him and explained that it was she who invited them to come together.

Dohee embarrassedly put her hands on her legs and greeted the nurse

Yong Min turned towards the nurse and asked her why she asked to visit Do Hee's doctor with him if they didn't even know each other.

The nurse broke the silence and remarked that despite the fact that doctor Dohee was very uncomfortable with men, however, around Young Min, she was fine.

She suggested that something could have happened between them and this caused Doctor Do Hee to calm down, The doctor could not answer this and was embarrassedly silent

Yong Min was very surprised that the nurse seemed to understand everything, he was confused because if everyone finds out what they did at work, they will be finished

The guy turned towards the girl and called out to her.

However, Young Min came up with a way out of this awkward situation and explained everything by the fact that he made a promise to Dr. Do Hee that he would help her cope with her complex of fear of men.

The nurse abruptly began to tell that she was very forgetful and she needed to give something to the doctor, but she left it in her car. She asked Young Min to go and fetch this thing.

Young Min noticed the suddenness of her request and asked why she didn't go to get the item herself.

In response, the woman jingled her car keys and said that she was asking him to go

Yong Min agreed getting up from the couch and then took the keys. Young Min left the room

After the boy left the room, the chairman's nurse went to Do Hee's doctor, the girl awkwardly responded

The woman abruptly approached Do Hee's doctor and grabbed her by the rice buns.

Slowly tilting her head to her ear, she said that she saw everything that happened yesterday between her and Young Min.

She clarified that she saw how the two of them played games right at the workplace in the treatment room.

The nurse reassured the doctor and reminded her that Young Min told her that it helps her get used to men so that in the future it does not interfere with her work

The nurse lifted Do Hee's doctor's T-shirt and told her that she could also help her with this problem.

Doctor Do Hee tried to break free and resist and yelled that the nurse did not need to help her.

The nurse asked the woman if she knew that Yong Min's dumbbell was much larger than any other man's dumbbell, the doctor asked her incomprehensibly what she meant

The woman replied that she did not know because she did not see the other dumbbells of men, the nurse continued to touch Doctor Do Hee's rice buns

The woman moved even closer to her ear and summed up everything she had said earlier by saying that she, too, needed to help her.

She continued explaining to Do Hee's doctor that a girl as innocent and defenseless as her couldn't properly handle a dumbbell as big as Young Min's.

Do Hee's doctor wondered if she could make Young Min feel better, if he could make her feel even better than last time.

After some thought, the woman agreed to be trained by a nurse and asked her for help.

The woman suggested starting training with a regular kiss, that is, with the simplest

Doctor Do Hee turned away in embarrassment and asked if they would start studying right away, to which the nurse replied that she should just trust her.

However, Do Hee's training as a doctor was interrupted by Young Min, who returned after completing an assignment from a nurse.

He was very much puzzled by the picture he saw, and did not understand what was happening in front of him.

The girls paused their training and looked at Young Min

The nurse turned her head towards Young Min and invited him to come and join the training.

He took out his big dumbbell because he could no longer hold back from the spectacle he was watching and was about to move on to more serious activities.

However, Young Min also continued to not understand what was happening in this room and was completely confused.

While doctor Do Hee was being trained by the chairman's nurse, she controlled the process and told the doctor not to rush

The nurse explained to the doctor Do Hee that if he simply continued to do the same movements, he would not feel good, she began to explain to her that this dumbbell would soon make her very good and advised her to be more gentle
Later, they started playing games with his dumbbell together, Yong Min found it very difficult to keep his volcano from erupting magma

Suddenly, Young Min abruptly stopped the two girls from playing with his dumbbell, explaining that when they play with him at once, the stimulation is too strong and it seems to him that his volcano will soon begin to erupt

In response, the women said if it is so difficult for him to restrain himself, let him stop and let his volcano erupt.

After the game continued, the eruption of the volcano did not take long and happened, dousing the girls with magma, Doctor Diagram had the goal of any value to make Young Min very pleased

The chairman's nurse noted that the woman was very capable because she was able to swallow the entire portion of milk the first time, after which she turned to Yong Min

She offered to reward the doctor for such high results.

Young Min was in a stupor after what he heard and asked the nurse what she meant by the award for Dr. Do Hee

Yong Min immediately understood what the caregiver meant and rewarded her in a special way.

Dr. Do Hee looked at Young Min as he was already ready for the second batch of games

The chairman's nurse explained to the woman that men are greatly stimulated when they see how much they enjoy their games.

Dr. Doo Hee herself asked Young Min to continue playing games with her and put his dumbbell right on her rack.

Young Min immediately granted her wish and did what she asked with double strength.

At that moment, the elder's nurse approached him as close as possible from behind and made his dumbbell grow even larger to make Dr. Doo Hee even more comfortable.

Young Min did not understand what the nurse was doing but his dumbbell understood everything and became much larger inside Dr. Doo Hee's rack

Dr. Do Hee couldn't help but feel so good about playing with such a big dumbbell.
